[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Many of
us have begun looking at life
as a mystery.
It's just that we don't
want our own lives
to be a mystery to us.
Chetan Parkyn is back with
us with his new book, "Book
of Destinies", a
human design system
that lets us in on our
own purpose in life,
if we haven't already
figured it out.
And this time, we
have a treat, which
we have his lovely
wife, Carola Eastwood.
Do a lot of people
call you Carolyn,
because it's just more common?
>> CAROLA EASTWOOD:
No, it doesn't happen.
But it's a bit to
learn how to pronounce.
>> REGINA: Carola.
The only reason I
knew how to pronounce
is because of a
little time in India.
And both of you have
spent time in India.
And we're going to get back
to that in a little bit.
But first of all,
tell us a little bit
about this particular
book as a follow up
from our last conversation.
A lot of people watching this
saw our last conversation,
and how this one kind
of grew out of that one.
>> CHETAN PARKYN: Everybody
has a purpose in life,
across the board.
And yet, there's a very
difficult way of finding out.
We go to school, we get
everybody else's ideas
of who we are and
what we're about.
And so Carola and I
realized we really
had to set the picture straight
so everybody can find out
exactly what they came here for.
There are 192 of these
different life themes.
All of us have one--
part of our soul agreement,
part of what carries us in here.
And when you understand
your soul agreement and you
understand your life
theme-- your life path--
you just find the resonance.
And everything starts opening up
in a very, very different way.
So there was a big driver
for us to be able to do this.
>> REGINA: Indeed.
And you know, it
takes a certain amount
of courage for a person to ask.
Because sometimes, you
don't want to ask in a way,
because you don't really want
an answer that's not already
lining up with what you've
constructed as a life,
because it might require
massive amounts of change.
I mean, I know you've
encountered that as well.
Many times, when you do a
person's reading, for example,
right?
>> EASTWOOD: Yes,
that's absolutely true.
But the beauty of it
is that what we do
is we actually help
people to align
with what they came here for--
their purpose,
their destiny path.
It's the book of
destinies, right?
>> REGINA: Right.
>> EASTWOOD: So what happens
is that when we realize what
our destiny path is, when we
hear it for the first time,
if it's not something that's
been in our awareness--
and it isn't for many of us--
then, there's such a
joy that happens also,
in just the recognition.
I mean, we've had
people crying, just
tears running down their face
in recognition of, oh, my god.
Yes, that's what I'm here for.
Because there's a lot of angst
when people don't know what
they're here for.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
And when you're looking at
a community like this one
and our viewers who are very
intelligent, well-researched,
and so forth.
But still, many,
many people haven't
stumbled upon within themselves,
what they're really here for.
And they're still
asking the question.
I know a lot of people that
have gone through their life,
they've now retired
from whatever
their career path was, I still
don't know what I'm here to do.
And I'd look at that and think,
I'd be panic-stricken if I
had that feeling, you know?
I guess because I've always kind
of known on some native level.
But how painful
must that be to not
know what you're here for, and
to be living out this drama?
>> PARKYN: Drama is right.
And distractions as well,
so many distractions,
so many ideals of
what life could be.
We have the Hollywood picture,
the life happy ever after.
And then, we have the
big dramas everywhere.
And it's so easy to get drawn
off into other people's ideas
of who we are and
what we're about.
And Carola's and my work, that
is entirely what we're about,
is helping people redirect
into what they came here for,
and to live it to the full.
There are no duplicates.
I said this the last time
we were talking about this.
There are no duplicates in
the whole of the universe.
No two people are
living the same life.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> PARKYN: And until you
find out what you came here
for, and remember it, and
start enacting it, yeah,
you are bobbing around in
everybody else's idea of what
life is.
>> REGINA: Well, you're looking
at either what your societal
structure, your family's
idea of what life is,
trying to replicate out what
you've done historically
in your family or
your bloodline.
And essentially, it leads to a
kind of vacancy, like you say,
that leads to
primarily distraction,
or the white picket
fence syndrome.
But still, on your deathbed,
asking the question.
And I wish I had his birth date,
but my former father-in-law,
on his death bed, he
was a man who ended up
converting to Mormonism.
He was a good Mormon.
He had his kids.
He worked with his brother in
a business and did all of this.
And my son asked him, when
he was on his deathbed,
is there anything you
would like to have done?
And he said, I regret
every day that I didn't
follow my path as an actor.
Before he was married, he was
an actor in community theater,
very handsome Marlon
Brando-esque kind of guy.
And loved it, and got married,
did the sensible thing.
Never picked it up again.
And that was what was on
his kind of dying lips.
And no one wants to
end up like that.
>> PARKYN: Well,
that is our work.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> PARKYN: Getting people lined
up with what they came here
for, and to go for it.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, even
if you're retired,
you can still go back
to acting classes
and do community theater.
You know, it's never too late.
Would you say that's true?
>> PARKYN: I read for
people of all ages,
all different places in life.
And yes, I've read for
people in their 90's.
And have them say to
me, how refreshing it
is to hear this,
because now, yes,
I've kind of avoided
this a little bit.
But I still have time to
start engaging more and more
with what I came here for.
>> REGINA: That's a
beautiful hopeful part.
Before we even set the stage for
the rest of the conversation,
let's set the stage a
little bit for you two.
Because I know in your
past, India played a part.
And let's talk about how
you two came together,
and how your destinies--
personal destinies-- intersected
to be here with me today.
>> EASTWOOD: I met
Chetan first in a dream.
He came to me in a dream.
And it was one of those
dreams that wakes you up
in the middle of the night.
And you're almost
sitting up, but you
know you have to sit
up and pay attention.
And in the dream, he said,
are you going to come find me?
Because if not, I'm going
to go live in an ashram.
In the dream, I said
to him, no, I'm coming.
And then I woke up.
And I knew that I
had met my soul mate.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
>> EASTWOOD: Yes.
>> REGINA: OK.
I would launch into a story
just like that, actually.
That's fascinating.
Yes, OK, what was
your side of it?
You were headed to an ashram--
>> PARKYN: Well, it's
conceivable, actually,
at the time, now
that I think of it.
I was actually living
on Maui at the time.
I had been reading
for people ever
since I'd met a reader in
India-- a shadow reader.
And he told me all about myself.
And that was my livelihood,
was reading for people.
I'd read hands, cards,
faces, whatever.
And I was working
with human design.
And I got to a point
in my understanding
with human design, where
I started traveling around
teaching people about it.
And I made this trip to
the west coast of America,
and to San Francisco.
And sure enough, in one of
my classes, Carola walks in.
And there's no way
that I could not
recognize somebody very amazing
who just walked into my life.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> PARKYN: It took a little bit
of time for us to work things
out, then we got together.
But it's one of those
moments where, pay attention.
>> REGINA: Right.
And did you know when
you were in the class
that your dream had
been about Chetan?
>> EASTWOOD: I did know, but
I was told in meditation a few
days before I flew up there.
Because I didn't know
at first, when I went
to take the human design class.
I just knew I was vitally
interested in human design.
And I found out
Chetan was teaching.
And I lived in San Diego,
he in San Francisco.
So I didn't know.
But in meditation, I was given
really direct guidance that
said, you're going to
meet your soul mate.
And he may not recognize
you right at first.
But you're about to meet him.
So I had that feeling.
And then, when he
opened the door--
when I arrived at the class
and he opened the door
and I looked at him, I
knew that it was him.
I recognized him from
the dream I'd had.
>> REGINA: Men usually take
a little longer to get it.
>> PARKYN: We're a bit slow.
>> EASTWOOD: At least I was
forewarned of that, right?
>> REGINA: Exactly.
So you knew that.
>> EASTWOOD: Yes.
>> REGINA: So you
didn't take it personal.
>> EASTWOOD: My ego couldn't
have gotten, you know--
>> REGINA: And that he didn't
recognize you instantly
in the same way, just
that you were special.
>> EASTWOOD: Yeah.
>> REGINA: And you
know, last time,
we talked about your
travels in India,
and this man you met
to do the shadow work.
Now, is this the same sadhu
that you met that ignored you?
Or is that a different one?
>> PARKYN: That was
a different one.
>> REGINA: I want to
talk about him this time.
So let's go back to India.
Now, you're leading tours
over there in dusty buses.
And you know, Osho
community is part of it.
You had a lot going on.
It was a fun youth, OK?
OK, so now, tell
us about the sadhu.
>> PARKYN: So I was driving
a thing called Magic Bus.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> PARKYN: London to Kathmandu,
$60 one way for anyone that was
brave enough to get on board.
And in those days,
it was pre-internet.
And so I'd drive around
all the cafes in Europe.
And people would know,
there's a Magic Bus coming,
going to India.
Jump on board, if you're ready.
>> REGINA: Did some people
just jump on, on the spur
of the moment?
>> PARKYN: Literally.
>> REGINA: They just
said, sure, dude.
I'm down with it.
>> PARKYN: It was
that kind of time.
It was the late '70s.
And so, we'd take off.
We'd go across Europe.
We'd go through what
was then Yugoslavia.
And then, we'd go into Greece.
And then, we'd go
into Turkey, which was
a military regime at the time.
We'd go into Iran.
The Shah was still there, but
it was getting a little awkward.
And then, we'd go into
Afghanistan, into Pakistan,
into India.
And then I'd end
up in Kathmandu.
>> REGINA: What exciting times.
>> PARKYN: Amazing,
amazing times.
I loved the journeys,
I loved the passengers.
I loved the people
that greeted us.
So the particular occasion,
the sadhu you're talking about,
this was in Kathmandu.
I had finished the trip and
I'd met this Swiss couple.
And we decided to
have dinner together.
So I was sitting in this little
restaurant having dinner,
and there's a sadhu
dressed in orange
with his begging bowl and his
staff, standing in the doorway.
And apparently, he'd met
the Swiss couple earlier
on in the day.
And we invited him in, he came
and had a cup of tea with us.
And he started talking
with the Swiss couple
all about their past lives.
And I was sitting there, and I
was definitely the odd man out.
He would not talk to me.
>> REGINA: And you
did not like that.
>> PARKYN: I didn't like it.
And I interrupted, I said,
can't you tell me something?
And he just turns
and looks at me.
And he says, full moon
birthday, and then
turns back and starts
talking to this couple again.
>> REGINA: Well, he threw
you a crumb, that's about it.
>> PARKYN: Well, he
was right, you know?
It stopped me in my tracks.
Yes, I was born on a full moon.
So then, this goes on for
another 20 minutes or so.
And I lose my patience,
and I said, look,
there must be something
else you can tell me.
Because he is telling them
all these fascinating things
about them.
And he turns to me, and he
says, there are many lifetimes,
Bubba.
This lifetime's
the most important.
>> REGINA: And what did that
mean to you in that moment?
>> PARKYN: Oh, it
stopped me totally.
It's like, you know,
get in a program, here.
This is it.
It was such a magical thing
he gave me in that moment.
Because I stopped
looking out for things
that were irrelevant.
And I really got on the track.
And that track took me to Osho.
I needed to find a
spiritual master.
Get with it.
>> REGINA: And how did you
go from Osho to human design?
>> PARKYN: Being
around Osho was a very,
very amazing experience.
I used to say to people,
a day in his community
was like three
months anywhere else.
It was so many
things that happened.
But while I was there,
I'd had this reading
with a shadow reader.
A week later, I met
a psychic palm reader
who told me a lot
of the same things
that the shadow
reader had told me.
And he also insisted on
showing me how to read hands.
And he said, go practice.
So I started practicing
reading hands.
The shadow reader
told me, there's
a system going to
come into your life.
You're going to
write books about it.
You're going to introduce it
to people all over the world.
I was a retiring bus
driver at that time.
>> REGINA: Right.
[LAUGHING]
>> PARKYN: And you know,
this was a fantastic story.
But the palm reader gave me
a tool to start reading with.
And so I started with hands.
I read cards, I read faces, tea
leaves, coffee grinds, auras,
astrology, everything.
And then, sure enough, in
1993, I'd been practicing.
I was-- actually my livelihood
then was reading for people.
And in 1993, I was sent
my human design chart.
I took one look
at it, and I knew
this was what the shadow
reader talked about.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
And I want to ask
both of you this.
Oh, I'm sorry,
finish that thought,
and then we'll go from there.
>> PARKYN: Well, the shadow
reader had told me all about
the books.
The first book was
30 years later.
HarperCollins took the book
and now it's in 12 languages.
It's a best seller in Russia.
>> REGINA: Yeah, and wonderful.
>> PARKYN: Wonderful.
>> REGINA: Wonderful, yes.
>> PARKYN: It's got
a life of its own.
>> REGINA: It does.
And the thing is, I knew
a lot of Osho people
when I lived in Sedona.
And I was never an Osho.
But I so appreciated the kind
of characteristics and spirit
of the Osho community, and
read some of Osho's work.
What an amazing character.
And yet, most people just
think of the Rolls-Royces
driving down the road.
And so, I would
suggest that people
who don't understand what
the Osho mystique was about,
look into it a little
further than Rolls-Royces,
which was essentially a
joke to humanity, anyway.
>> EASTWOOD: To
America, in particular.
>> REGINA: To America
in particular,
it was one of these.
So let's talk about
human design itself.
Because some people
would say, well, I've
been to my astrologer.
My astrologer said-- and you can
have wonderful work coming out
of astrology--
that I would be best
inclined toward this path.
What is the difference in your
opinions between astrology
and other kind of divination
systems and human design?
>> EASTWOOD: Well, I've been
an astrologer for 30 years--
professional astrologer.
And so I know the system.
I really have mastery
with astrology.
And I know it so very well.
Human design came into my
life about 20 years ago.
And I also have gone very
deep with human design.
So I think I'm a good person
to compare the two systems.
>> REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
>> EASTWOOD: They
do different things.
>> REGINA: Give us an idea.
>> EASTWOOD: Well,
so, astrology--
as I'm sure you know-- it
shows us the inner workings
of our psyche, our strengths,
our talents, our abilities.
It gives us
opportunities, cycles.
It shows us when challenges
might be coming up,
what those are.
Actually, it shows us
how to resolve them,
if you know how to
read it that way.
It's a wonderful tool.
Human design is a
self-empowerment tool.
It's the first Aquarian system.
And the difference
between it and any system
even like astrology,
is that it maps
not only the conscious self,
but the unconscious as well--
what you've inherited
down several generations,
or you could say what's
come in from past lives.
So we have this whole
plethora of information
that is not available in
astrology through human design.
And the other big
distinction I would make
is that human design is
about a path for living,
a way of living our lives in
which we're no longer really
dependent on going to
the astrologer to tell us
what's coming up or what might
be possible, because we have
a way of having found our own
internal compass, if you will.
We have a way to orchestrate
our life that is always
going to be in alignment
with our higher self,
with our truth, and
with our path in life.
>> REGINA: That's
a good definition.
>> EASTWOOD: It's a
wonderful empowerment system.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
I mean, when I was first exposed
to it, maybe around 2000,
that's what I noticed about it.
I thought, this seems to be
oddly kind of specific also
to one's way of functioning.
And when one doesn't
function that way, kind
of the suffering that happens
as a result. And I think maybe
we won't go deeply
into it because I
would encourage people
to go back and watch
our first interview.
But a little bit
into the basic types,
so we get an idea
of what that means,
where when you're not
behaving in a way that's
consistent with who you
are, you do suffer--
such as projectors.
But anyway, let's go ahead.
And so, we have two projectors
and a generator at the table.
So let's talk about
these basic types.
>> PARKYN: So you and
I, Regina, we're odd,
because we are these projects.
We're the old ones out.
Mostly, we're surrounded by
people we call energy types.
These are generators,
manifesting generators,
and manifestors--
80%.
We're the 20%, and there's
even one more bracket,
the reflectors--
those most precious people--
less than 1% of the
world's population.
>> REGINA: And just give us a
little kind of portrait of what
they're like.
I've only ever known one.
>> PARKYN: The designs I've
talked about, the types--
except for the reflectors,
we're all solar types.
We're radiating energy out.
Reflectors are absorbing
and reflecting.
So they're in a position
where literally everything
around them is going to
affect them very deeply.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> PARKYN: They have to be
very, very careful about
their environments.
For us, it's like going out
into a garden in the sunshine.
The plants are this color,
the birds are singing,
the fragrance in the
air is like this.
If we're barefoot, we're
feeling the grass underneath us.
For a reflector,
it's like going out
into that same garden
by moonlight, completely
different.
Same garden, but just
the whole circumstance
is complete different.
>> REGINA: So they're
super sensitive,
they end up almost
mirroring you back to you
because they're just reflecting
everything that they come
in contact with, right?
>> PARKYN: Exactly this.
>> REGINA: So there's
no real sense of self.
It can be very hard to
define your purpose in such
as a reflector, I would assume.
>> PARKYN: Their self is
as big as this universe.
>> REGINA: Yeah,
that's why I asked.
I'm just starting with
the most rare and peculiar
of these birds because
how in the world
can you even work
with a reflector
to find their destiny, when
there's nothing on their chart?
>> PARKYN: You
are very watchful.
We've come across some
extraordinarily wise reflectors
because they give
themselves time
to recognize what it is
that's beneficial for them
and what's not, who makes
for good company, who
recognizes their great gifts.
I have to say, I've met some
of the most intelligent people
ever who are reflectors.
>> REGINA: Well, I guess
you would almost have to be
to choose to incarnate that
way to be so open to all,
to be such a reflection
for all of humanity.
>> EASTWOOD: Very brave.
>> REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>> EASTWOOD: But they
have a destiny path,
a purpose for the life.
The reflector nature is
the way they have chosen
to live out that destiny.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
The one I knew was an amazingly
intelligent and talented human
being but really oftentimes,
would get pulled off
by this philosophy,
that one, and just
kind of wobbling all
over the place trying
to find their home.
Yeah.
OK, so now let's go
to the preponderance
of the types, the energy types.
>> PARKYN: Well, let's
start with the projector,
since you and I are
both projectors.
We have to know our designs
better than everybody.
Because the word
projector basically means
we project out a certain
kind of energy of our design.
And every projector has
a very singular design.
So we project out this energy,
and people will pick up on it.
And they'll recognize
there's something
different about this person,
they're not part of the 80%.
And that's our
great thing, is we
have to recognize we are
not here to get caught up
in everybody else's stuff.
We have to know exactly what
our design, our nature is,
and who it is that's
being attracted
to us, who it is that's offering
us things to get involved
with in our lives.
Because basically, what guides--
we're here to guide.
The clearer we can be in our
design, the better guidance
we give.
The other types, the
generators, Carola
is a generator-- tons
of life force energy.
Don't ever try and interrupt
the generator in mid-stride.
>> REGINA: Boy, that's true.
That is true.
There's a lot of momentum there,
but enough energy to spill over
and will fuel us at this table.
>> PARKYN: Don't we feel it?
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> PARKYN: Yeah.
So generators have this
ability to respond to life.
And it's what we call an
energetic gut response.
So lower belly, nothing
to do with up here.
It's an energetic response
to whatever life places
before them, or whatever
it is they perceive
for themself inside
themself that something
catches their attention.
They want to put
energy towards it.
Manifestors, 11% of
the world's population.
They have this catalytic energy.
Wherever they go, things happen.
They, themselves, are
happening, in a sense.
>> REGINA: Oh, boy.
I have a lot of female
generator friends,
disproportionate
to the population.
They're a handful.
>> PARKYN: Well, yes, yes.
[LAUGHING]
>> EASTWOOD: --as you know.
>> REGINA: They
make things happen.
>> PARKYN: Yes, indeed.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> PARKYN: So, the likes of
us have to be really careful,
as projectors, who we commit to.
So manifestors,
they catalyze stuff.
They have this ability right
from the moment they're born,
to make things happen.
So very peaceful couples
can all of a sudden
find they've got a
manifestor child.
Everything changes.
And what happens for the
manifestor is very often,
they get shut down.
Why are you doing this?
Why do you need to do that?
Just sit down like
the rest of us.
And that's not part
of their nature.
>> REGINA: No.
>> PARKYN: So they can
get very resentful.
They can start
using their elbows
to get through things, to
find their way through.
They can go around
people, avoid everything.
And what we say to manifestors
is just let the rest of us
know a little bit
of your intentions.
And then, all of a sudden,
we'll see if maybe we
can join in to help.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> PARKYN: For every other
type than a reflector
and a manifestor, I say,
you've got to have at least one
of these people in your life.
You've got to have
a reflector, just
to get a check in every
now and again of what's
going on for you.
And a manifestor, if you ever
need to get something done
and they're agreeable, they
will facilitate for this
to take place for you.
>> REGINA: Yes, and
then, there's that hybrid
of the manifesting generator.
>> PARKYN: They are,
really, yes, a hybrid.
They have the same thing of
getting the gut response,
energetic response, but they
have to tip-toe into things.
Because there's that
space between just getting
that response and
committing like a generator
will, and getting that
response and turning it
into manifestation.
They have to go
through a protocol.
I call it a protocol
of just checking.
As they get further and
further towards what
it is they responded to,
to just keep checking,
is this working for me?
And they have what I
call a moment of truth,
that literally, they can
be preparing and preparing,
getting all the way
up to a point in time.
And then just suddenly, they're
either going to commit to it--
in which case-- become a
manifestor and it's like a red
carpet just goes right
in front of them--
or they get this moment
of truth that just says,
this is not doing it for me.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> PARKYN: That's the end of it.
>> REGINA: Well,
because as you say,
this is very much a
gut level response.
And I have a friend who
became really obsessed
with human design.
And he now does some readings.
He's living in Ibiza.
But going through the
beginning stage of it,
he had kind of a childlike
quality about him.
So he said, OK, so
ask me if I want
to have granola for breakfast.
It's like, oh, god.
Please, do we have
to do this again?
Because he was going through the
uh-huh, uh-huh phase, you know?
Which, again, explain what this
uh-huh, uh-uh really means.
And please, people,
don't do this.
It's so annoying to
those around you.
>> PARKYN: I agree
with you there.
But It's an energetic response.
>> EASTWOOD: I can
be a silent thing.
It's a sense of ones energy,
a generator's energy,
or manifesting generator's
energy rising toward something,
opening towards it.
And if the gut were
to make a noise,
it would sound like that uh-huh.
But you know, it doesn't need
to be expressed verbally.
>> REGINA: I thought that
was slightly self-indulgent,
wanting everyone to pay
attention to them all day.
Are you sure you wouldn't
like to go see this movie?
Uh-uh.
It's like, OK.
>> EASTWOOD: Well, he was
probably just learning about
it.
Because we have so many
years of conditioning
to move a certain way in
life, live a certain way,
make decisions a certain
way, that when we first
get this information,
it's a little bit like,
well, you kind of
have to practice it,
and you kind of
have to try it on.
And then you get the experience
of it working for you.
>> REGINA: Well, I would think
that it is very freeing too.
It's like, oh, my god.
I just have to listen to my
little internal quiet inside
voice of uh-huh
and uh-uh, right?
And I can see
where that would be
quite liberating
for a person to know
it can be that simple,
instead of trying to conform.
And this is the big deal.
In most societies,
societal structures,
institutional structures
are not looking for people
to find their true voice,
their passion, and their path--
quite the opposite, right?
It's structured towards
shutting us down
into a compliant society that's
functional for its needs.
>> EASTWOOD: Yeah, worker bees.
>> REGINA: Worker bees.
And that is how
it's all structured.
Doesn't matter really
what the institution is
or what the religion
is, or so forth.
It all kind of boils down to
having a compliant following.
So let's talk about
that, that Ra.
Let's talk about how he
overcame this and came up
with this whole system himself.
That was crazy.
>> PARKYN: Well, he
was given the system.
He was given a download.
He honestly did not know
what he'd been given,
didn't come with an
instruction book.
And so over the years,
it was all worked out.
And he would basically find out.
He would say stuff
and find out what
people would come back with.
And from that, he started
seeing, yes, there
are certain patterns
within all this.
So, yeah, this system
is a revolution.
It basically gives us
all that opportunity
to find out who we are in our
own nature, what we came here
for, you know?
It really is, it
comes down to that.
>> REGINA: The question society
doesn't want you to ask,
institutions at large
don't want you to ask.
>> PARKYN: Who knows
what society is?
>> REGINA: Exactly.
>> PARKYN: You know, society is
fumbling along with a blindfold
on.
Hence, we have climate disaster.
I'm not even calling it climate
change, it's climate disaster.
All around us
here, they're still
drilling holes in the ground
to frack oil in the ground,
if you please.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> PARKYN: And we don't
need this stuff anymore.
>> REGINA: Right, exactly.
>> PARKYN: And people
still have guns.
I mean, what are
these things for?
There are three
disasters for humanity--
there is the disaster of
war, the disaster of hunger,
and the disaster of disease.
In the 21st century, we do
not need this stuff anymore.
>> EASTWOOD: All of which
could be cured quickly with
consciousness, awareness.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
And if people were
living their true path,
then we wouldn't have
the anxiety, frustration,
need to compete and
conquer and so forth.
You could argue that we would
have evolved to a point where
that was no longer necessary.
Let me ask something briefly.
How often do you read children,
read the charts of children
for people so they can have
better understanding of guiding
their children?
Because that seems, to me, to be
the real holy grail right now.
>> PARKYN: As often as possible.
>> EASTWOOD: Right,
as much as we can.
Because when parents can
understand this and change
the way they relate to their
child in the simplest ways,
by honoring their nature,
then what we're doing really
is preventing the
further conditioning
that happens in childhood by
well-meaning parents, often.
>> REGINA: Sure.
>> EASTWOOD: You know,
they just don't know.
But it's taking those
children so far off path.
And then, you
know, I started out
doing counseling and astrology.
And I would have people in
my office in so much pain
because they had married the
wrong person and had children.
And they were in agony over
a really tough decision.
Or they had chosen
the wrong path, spent
seven years in college because
their dad thought they should,
and they're miserable,
miserable for a decade or more.
And it's because
they didn't know
how to listen to their
own truth, how to find it.
>> REGINA: Right.
And so, if we can start
with children and helping
our children move toward their
natural propensity of what
they're here for, the resistance
isn't there from the beginning.
>> EASTWOOD: Exactly.
>> PARKYN: Yes.
>> REGINA: OK, so,
there's another thing.
A lot of times, when
people go into this
and say, oh, my life's purpose--
oftentimes, people, because
of our habitual thinking
in the west, in particular,
try to align purpose
with a career, monetary
sourcing, and monetization
in general.
And I think that really has
caused some problems for people
because they can't see
themselves as something larger
than just a career path.
Because everyone wants
to think your destiny
is how you're going to
kind of make your living.
And that is not
necessarily so at all.
So can we talk
about what happens
when your destiny
is something that
would seem frivolous
to someone else,
but is just so powerful
for you, and you still
have to do a day job?
>> PARKYN: It's a tricky
subject, for sure.
>> EASTWOOD: I mean, do you know
of people whose destiny would
not have some real significance
for society if they were living
it?
I mean, I haven't
met anyone like that.
So, I mean, it could be true
that, for instance, people
whose path gets expressed
best by being artist.
They can have a difficult
time monetizing that,
but I know artists
who also do very well.
So my sense is that when we're
being true to our nature,
we're fulfilling our
destiny, that there's
a level of fulfillment that
can happen and does happen.
And there's a way to bring the
resources that we need to us.
When we're being
true to our self,
it's easier to see
what that way is.
>> REGINA: That
makes perfect sense.
So now, I'm going
to bring up a case.
And you said it's tricky.
And then, it'll
flow to you next.
It's someone who just
frustrated in business,
things keep crashing
and burning.
Great ideas, doesn't really
come to what he'd like it to,
but kept ignoring one thing.
He loved to sing, just loved
to sing and was avoiding it.
Like, oh, I'm not good
enough, or whatnot.
In fact, was on BBC a live
solo Christmas day as a child,
you know?
I mean, this is a good voice.
And so, then came a
time where he was so sad
and kind of busted
apart by life,
that he started
singing again, and went
to a church that had a choir
so he could join the choir.
And then, another choir.
Then, a community choir.
And now, all he does, he's
in rehearsal constantly.
Now, he's not being paid for
these church and community
endeavors, but he's so
happy and he does a day job
that is kind of boring to him.
But the sense of
fulfillment is there.
Now, he still wishes somehow
that that would pay the bills.
But that's not where
life is at this time.
So what is the tricky part
of it you're talking about?
>> PARKYN: Well, the tricky part
is coming to terms with that.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> PARKYN: Where is
your fulfillment?
To me, when I go into a store
and I talk with the cashier
or somebody and I say how
it's going, and they say,
you know, I'm
nearly out of here.
And you know, they're
watching the clock.
And all we have in
this life is time.
And literally, their
whole intention
is watching the clock so they
can finish with this thing
and get out and
do something else.
And really, this life
is such a blessing.
Whatever it is we're doing,
whatever's happening to us,
it's a very precious space.
And so I would always
say to somebody,
you understand your design.
You understand how your
design works for you.
You understand your life path.
And you accept according to your
own nature, your own choices,
your own decisions that you
make according to your design.
And you'll find that
it takes you where
you're going to be fulfilled.
So there isn't a necessity
to be in a job that
is going to bring you
suffering because you're always
looking at the clock.
It could also be a
job that you're really
engaging with the people
that come past you.
And so it's tricky up
until that point in time
that you have that acceptance.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> PARKYN: And I totally endorse
this person that loves to sing
and doesn't get paid for it,
but it brings him fulfillment.
It nourishes him.
>> REGINA: And it
makes the day job OK.
If he's watching
the clock, it's just
to get back to
some more singing.
But life is joyful.
>> PARKYN: Indeed.
But what I would say is if
he went a little bit further,
he would also find that the
day job can bring him joy too.
>> REGINA: Right, exactly.
So that's what I say because
I think people sometimes
get caught in that
matrix a little bit.
So when we're
looking at a chart,
you know we've already gone
over the four main energy types.
But then there are other
kind of types within that.
And then, there
are more nuances.
And you get down to
the "Book of Destinies"
which could seem very
complicated to compute.
But you've done it for us
because you have a software
program--
thank you-- that tells
us these things for us.
Then, you just thumb
through to the page
that tells you your type.
So I mean, that's the
beauty of this book.
Anybody can use the
software and do that.
But let's get an idea of, like,
mine has to do with emotions.
My way of functioning, I guess,
is as an emotional being.
I don't know what yours are.
But let's talk about some of
those kind of subtle layers
that happen after
the big energy type.
>> PARKYN: Well, the subtle
layers are how we make
decisions.
And all three of us
at the table here,
we all having this
emotional authority.
>> REGINA: Oh, OK.
>> PARKYN: We all have
this feeling sense.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> PARKYN: In some level or
another, we enjoy the drama.
Life goes up,
everything is exciting.
Life goes down, I'm
not feeling it today.
Oh, but we're back up again,
everything's good again.
And you know, we're just--
>> REGINA: It's a very
feeling experience.
>> PARKYN: Very much so.
And we affect
everybody around us.
Everybody picks up on this.
And for some people,
it's like you know,
I'm just going to steer a
little bit clearer of these guys
because they're getting
carried away here.
So we have emotional authority.
And you know, when you're
up in your authority,
you're having a
wonderful day, there's
a possibility to commit to
something just because you're
in a good mood.
And sure enough,
once it shows up,
it's like, I don't feel
like doing this anymore.
>> REGINA: That was a
manic day when I said yes.
[LAUGHING]
>> PARKYN: So we have to find
what we call a still point.
The emotional authority of
the solar plexus and the body,
we have to find that still
point that is not attached
to the outcomes or
the great excitements
or the great
disasters, that we just
have a feeling clarity
that carries us
through whatever an objective
is and out the other side.
And we follow the
flow of it all.
We come to a still point
when we make a decision.
>> REGINA: And yet, our
intelligence and our ability
to make decisions is very
much based on these feelings
as well.
You were going to say something?
>> EASTWOOD: Yes, well, I was
reiterating that it's simply
that point of
finding the clarity.
And we don't find the
clarity when we're seeking
for an answer for ourselves.
We don't find the clarity if
we're attached to the outcome.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> EASTWOOD: So that's one
step that people with emotional
authority need to know,
that it's letting go
of the attachment.
What you're looking
for is the truth.
It's not what you want
it to be necessarily.
It might be, but it's
not necessarily that.
It's what your truth is--
your higher truth.
>> REGINA: Yeah, you don't
want to make a decision while
you're on a high or a low.
Like you say, finding that still
point and finding the truth.
So for an emotional type,
that's going to work.
Tell us some of the other types
and how they have authority.
>> PARKYN: Well, I
should mention about 50%
of the world's population
have that emotional authority.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> PARKYN: And almost 90%
of partners in partnership
and relationships have
that emotional authority.
So they need to
understand this as well.
>> REGINA: Yes,
that's important.
>> PARKYN: So the next one is
what we call sacral authority.
These are people that just get
a gut response to something
and it either tells them yes,
interesting, I'm on this thing,
or not now.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> PARKYN: Uh-huh, uh-uh.
>> REGINA: Kind of
like generators.
>> PARKYN: It is
that generator thing,
but some generators also have
that emotional quality as well.
>> REGINA: So even more so,
just go with the gut response.
>> PARKYN: Go with the gut
response, just like that,
give it a go.
>> REGINA: OK, and another?
>> PARKYN: --is what we
call the splenic authority.
These are the ones that
live on their wits.
They just get it.
Intuition, instinct,
something or other,
they get the download,
they're on it.
They're the fastest
people in the room.
And the rest of us,
it's like, you know,
are you sure you've got it?
[LAUGHING]
>> REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
So when you're
looking at, it's kind
of an overlay of a
combination of these traits.
And then there are all these.
It's a complex system.
And we'll take a
look at it and people
can see on screen what
a chart looks like.
You have all of these
lines and colors of lines
and broken lines and
such going from one part
to another that almost
looks like a tree of life.
>> PARKYN: Somewhat similar.
>> REGINA: Somewhat similar.
And so let's talk about
what those gateways
or those channels,
those lines mean.
>> PARKYN: Well,
there are 64 gateways.
And the 64 is a magical
number because it
relates to the number of
genetic codons we have.
So in some way, when we're
looking into somebody's chart,
we're looking at their
genetic makeup on some level.
And the trick that
Carola and I have
been working with
all these years
is to know how to read this.
>> REGINA: Yeah, it's not easy.
>> PARKYN: It is very
easy once you get it down.
>> REGINA: I've seen
people in the process.
>> PARKYN: It's
a learning curve.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> PARKYN: But we train
people, we get people enough
on the track of learning this
and, you know, getting into it.
So, yes, there are nine
centers in human design.
Now, anyone that is familiar
with the chakra system
will say, well, hang on,
there are seven chakras.
How come there are nine centers?
Well, it's not to dispute
the seven chakras.
But it is to say there are two
centers that are extras now.
The one is the
spleen center, which
is all about our immune system.
It used to be tied into
the root center which
was all about fight and
flight and survival.
And now in the
21st century, these
are not issues for us anymore,
if we're being sensible.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> PARKYN: We don't have to
worry about fight and flight.
And we can use these senses
towards very creative purposes.
The other one is
the heart center
that's separated from
what we call the self
center in human design.
So the self center
has always been there.
This is the seasons of the year.
This is the pagan festivals.
It's all of this.
And the heart center
now indicates to us--
and this is the most exciting
thing about human design--
we are now in a
time of free will.
And we have to be
really, really clear,
what is it that really
has value for us.
So this is part of the
human design system
that we actually can see.
We now can live
beyond what we would
call unconscious evolution.
>> REGINA: So you'd
say that it's almost
the soul's blueprint
that you're looking at.
If the soul were
speaking directly
to you in clear
language, It would point
you this way toward yourself.
>> PARKYN: It is exactly the
soul blueprint for the 21st
century and beyond.
>> REGINA: Well,
that makes sense.
Now, you go further
into the various themes
of life, which is what this
book is about-- your life theme.
You and I have the
same life theme, which
is the theme of explanation.
And so I have spent my
entire life in media,
chatting and trying to
describe things to people,
whatever the outlet was.
But again, it has a consequence.
>> EASTWOOD: Him too.
>> REGINA: Yeah, yeah, exactly.
And it has this
consequence sometimes,
where you're sharing
things people don't always
want to hear as well.
So everything has
its beneficial side
and it has its side
that can be challenged,
like shooting your mouth off,
becoming a skunk at the picnic
if you have the
theme of explanation,
which we both have.
But I would say, certainly,
that's what you've
been doing with your life.
That is what I've been
doing with my life.
So my soul would be
speaking perfectly
through my human design.
>> PARKYN: Absolutely the case.
And basically,
what you'll find is
there's a great power in your
voice in not always the words
that you're using, but very
much in the tone of voice.
>> REGINA: That's interesting.
>> PARKYN: Yeah.
It's all about the acoustics.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
>> PARKYN: Yeah.
>> REGINA: Is that true for
everyone that has that theme
of explanation?
>> PARKYN: It is indeed true.
>> REGINA: So intonation, which
is kind of the feeling behind
or intention behind or
subconscious meaning behind
the words.
>> PARKYN: Along those lines,
but it's all about the sound
quality.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> PARKYN: Transformation
happens through sound
and silence.
The world, society,
operates through the visual,
what we can share.
We agree there's a table.
We agree there's a cup.
That's society's
understanding of life.
But the individual
understanding of life--
the individual appreciation--
is through sound and silence.
The collective works
through knowledge.
And knowledge is something we
pass on all over the world.
Libraries are full of it.
The internet is full of it.
There's a difference between
knowledge and knowing.
Knowing is when you drop
into a space inside yourself
and there's no doubt or
question or anything about it,
you just know.
And that is part of
what we do in this life
theme of explanation.
>> REGINA: Yes, yes.
I would say that is true.
And what is your theme?
>> EASTWOOD: Mine
his dedication.
>> REGINA: Dedication.
And tell us how that has kind
of reflected what you've done
and when you discovered
that in yourself.
Because there are
so many, we're only
going to go by a few examples.
People need to look at the
book and figure their own out
because there are way too
many to do in an hour show.
So let's talk about your
life and dedication.
>> EASTWOOD: OK, dedication.
So dedication is the one that
follows on from explanation,
from where you are.
It's the transpersonal
expression
of the same channel--
the channel of individual
unique expression that is
conveyed through
sound and silence.
The difference with dedication
is that there's really,
a constant awareness of what
the effects are of everything
we say and of every
action we take on others.
So there's this sense
of responsibility
for others and for
others' outcomes
for others' experiences, and for
conveying a wisdom to them that
isn't necessarily there with
the theme of explanation.
It can be because it
can be an added element.
But the distinction is that--
>> REGINA: You can't be
careless with your words.
>> EASTWOOD: Right I
cannot be careless.
Because there's a
responsibility for how
my words are being taken--
>> REGINA: Yes, yes.
>> EASTWOOD: --that
I feel personally.
>> REGINA: And now that follows
it because your birthday
follows it.
You're the 13th, I'm the
14th, you're the 16th,
and we're all Scorpios,
all of November.
Now let's talk
about, maybe hit on--
this is what I'm wondering.
Are there certain themes
among each generation
that start rising up that you
see more of in a generation,
versus less of with new
children kind of being
born at this time?
Is there a certain
kind of expansion
in numbers of a certain type of
life theme happening, or life
themes?
>> EASTWOOD: I think we should
say that we don't really know
the answer to that.
But the interesting thing is we
can see generational patterns
down through our genetic line.
>> REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
>> EASTWOOD: And replications
of certain channels, you know.
So there's a
certain theme that's
been lived out through
the genetic line as well.
>> REGINA: Makes sense.
>> EASTWOOD: The answer
to your question, I think,
would be fascinating
to find out.
But I think it would take
some research to discover.
>> REGINA: Oh, it would probably
take a lot of time to gather
the data and see in 2010, were
there any shifts in dominant
themes compared to
1960, for example?
>> EASTWOOD: You'd need
to collect all that.
>> REGINA: I'd just kind of
guess that there might be
something emerging because
of the need for a spiritual
expansion in the proper use
of free will, and so forth.
So let's talk about a
couple of the other life
themes that are really
interesting for these times.
>> PARKYN: So, I brought a
couple of examples with me.
And somebody who I thought might
be interesting to everybody
would be Henry Ford, started a
revolution in the car industry.
And he said, here's your car.
You can have any color you like,
but it's going to be black.
>> REGINA: Right.
But we had wheels,
we had wheels.
>> PARKYN: And
you've got mobility.
And his life theme was the
life theme we call the alpha.
And the alpha is
someone we would
see as the leader of the pack.
He's out ahead.
Or at least, maybe he's
guiding from behind.
He's looking over
what is possible,
how it can all come together,
and pointing at things that
actually need to take place.
He's giving very
direct leadership.
>> REGINA: But what
was his energy type?
>> PARKYN: His energy type
is a manifesting generator.
Yeah, no shortage of energy.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> PARKYN: Not
particularly emotional,
not particularly caught up in
everybody's ideas of what was
important or not, but very much
a driven man and would see his
thing come to be, and
would insist you know,
this is the way the
future is going.
>> REGINA: So what
was his life theme?
>> PARKYN: His life theme was
the life theme of the alpha.
>> REGINA: Oh, the alpha, right.
You said that to
begin with, right.
>> PARKYN: And you know,
this is the field marshal.
This is not somebody
on the shop floor.
This is somebody that's
pointing for everybody.
And he literally set in place,
this revolution in industry.
He took the
Industrial Revolution
and revolutionized it.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
That was a big shift in our
human destiny, no doubt.
>> PARKYN: Yeah.
>> REGINA: And so, we have
a couple of other people who
we're going to look at too.
>> PARKYN: Yeah, I have the
chart of Sir Arthur Conan
Doyle.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> PARKYN: Everyone heard
of "Sherlock Holmes"?
>> REGINA: Yes, indeed.
>> PARKYN: So he also has this
manifesting generator design.
And his particular
life theme is one
we call the sleeping phoenix.
Interesting title there.
>> REGINA: Yeah, it is.
So what's that mean?
>> PARKYN: It's basically a life
theme of somebody who's ahead
of their time.
And the phoenix we
know is a magical bird.
It's a healing bird,
but it also, it
has this propensity to fly
very high, do its thing
and then crash and burn.
And then, there's a new egg.
And from that egg
comes a new phoenix.
So you would see, if
you studied his life,
you'd see this was a
pattern in his life.
He'd go through all
these different things
trying to reinvent himself.
He wanted to get rid
of "Sherlock Holmes"
very early on.
But the public would
not let him do it.
So he had to keep
coming back to it
and being more and more
inventive and creative with it
all.
The sleeping part of
it-- sleeping phoenix--
generally, when I come across
somebody with this design,
they're at least 10 years
ahead of their time.
They are 10 years
ahead of everyone else.
And the great trick
for them is how do I
explain what it is
that I'm experiencing
in my life in a way that
people that are way behind me
are going to be
able to appreciate?
>> REGINA: And he had a depth
of spiritual understanding,
mystical understanding.
>> PARKYN: Huge,
huge understanding.
>> REGINA: So that alone would
have put him ahead of his time.
But again, like you say,
but how do you functionally
share that with people?
What's that look like?
>> PARKYN: How did he do it?
>> REGINA: I'm saying, that
would be his conundrum,
is how to functionally
share that.
>> PARKYN: Definitely.
>> REGINA: And I mean, just
using the character of Holmes
and the amount of supposedly
analysis but intuition,
for example.
The way he's put
things together.
>> PARKYN: Just genius.
>> REGINA: Genius, yeah.
>> PARKYN: Yeah, way
ahead of his time.
>> REGINA: Way
>> PARKYN: So then, a
third chart that I got was
for Ammaji, also known
as the hugging saint.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> PARKYN: And her design
is a design of a reflector.
She's one of these rare beings,
just completely wide open,
completely in trust for whatever
life wants to put before her.
And her particular
life theme is the one
we call the interpersonal
life theme of healing.
>> REGINA: Oh,
well, there you go.
>> EASTWOOD: Right?
>> PARKYN: Indeed.
How could it be otherwise?
>> REGINA: Right.
>> PARKYN: She hugs
somebody, and goodness knows
what's happened to them.
But all of a sudden, their life
is in a very, very different
experience.
>> REGINA: I've heard that from
a lot of people who have met
her, yeah.
>> PARKYN: People sitting
next to her, you know?
She doesn't have to touch them,
and all kinds of things happen.
>> REGINA: Indeed.
In fact, I met one of the
little Ammas in Theru in India.
And there's a little
ashram for her.
She hasn't spoken in the last--
well, it'll be 40 years now.
She hasn't spoken in 30 years.
But she had that
same countenance.
She didn't touch
anyone, she just
came through with a
little smile, sat down,
and you just sat with her.
And you think, if you want
to be skeptical about it,
you're just buying it
and you're creating it.
But I was there, my son
was there at the same time.
And I remember being with
her in one of those sessions.
You're kind of blissed out.
And I thought, I'm
going to open my eyes
and see what's going on in
this room, which was packed.
Everyone was sitting
on the floor.
And I saw her looking
at a few people.
And when her eyes went there,
it was like a ball of energy
flying out of her
into this person, just
this little beneficent smile.
And she saw me looking at her
and turned around, zapped me.
[LAUGHING]
And it was this kind
same, blissful, loving,
no words necessary
type of healing.
>> PARKYN: Exactly.
So within the life
being such a mystery
for all of us, when you
know your life theme,
or at least from
this side of things,
we can appreciate this is
what she brings through,
is she just brings
through this healing.
>> REGINA: And really, which is
closely associated with love.
And there are some people
that are not as well known.
And you have a
couple of examples
of people who had no idea.
They were totally lost.
And came in, just, I
don't know my theme,
and are caught by surprise
when they find out
what their theme is.
And let's talk about how
that works once someone
learns of this thing.
And then you have
to respond to it--
or, you don't have to,
but you choose to respond.
>> EASTWOOD: Right.
If you're at all looking in your
life, you're at all seeking,
then it would be
easy to respond to.
So I do transformational
business coaching.
And I had a client who
was also a business coach.
His name was Richard, graduated
from Columbia University
with a master's in business,
extremely intelligent man.
A brilliant man who
was very successful
as well, financially successful,
coaching Fortune 500 CEOs.
And he was at a point in his
life, he came to both of us,
actually, for design.
He came to me for a life
path reading and looking
at his-- you know, trying
to understand why he wasn't
feeling so fulfilled, you know?
Look at his life, and
married, beautiful children,
great career, made
tons of money.
I mean, you couldn't find
anything wrong with his life.
>> REGINA: Well put
together, right?
>> EASTWOOD: But he
was unhappy inside.
Something was missing.
And we discovered that his life
theme is the theme of the--
>> PARKYN: The Sphinx.
>> EASTWOOD: --the Sphinx,
right, that points the way,
right?
So when we look at
his design, and we
saw that his design had so
much of that knowing circuitry
we were talking about,
that we knew that he
is an agent of transformation.
And then when we saw the
life destiny as the Sphinx,
then we understood
that he's here
bringing transformation and
pointing the way for others.
And that's the element that
wasn't there in his coaching.
You know, he was doing
traditional kind of business
coaching, strategic coaching.
And it wasn't satisfying
for him because he
wasn't using all of
himself, all of what
he was truly capable of doing.
When he discovered
that and he started
integrating that
understanding, he completely
transformed his entire
practice, his entire business
and his business
model, so that now--
and he's still coaching the
same community of people,
but he's finding the ones who
are ready to begin awakening,
to begin their journey of
exploration of self-discovery,
of connecting with their path.
He is pointing the way to
their destiny, to their truth.
And he loves it.
He is so alive.
He's just come back alive now.
>> REGINA: I love it.
Let's talk about someone
who's so far off base,
you couldn't be living more
opposite than what you're
human design is telling you.
And I'm sure you can find
an example or two of that.
And then, what happens?
>> PARKYN: Well, life is an
exploration, that's for sure.
And yes, I have to remember a
few situations in life where
I'd read for somebody and
they tell me, you know,
I'm not quite sure
I can manage this.
It's a little bit too much.
And then they come
back to me and said,
you know, everything
you've told me,
I've listened back
to what you said,
through the recording.
Everything you told
me is on target.
It's on point and
I had totally been
distracted going a totally
different way in my life.
>> REGINA: Can you give us
kind of a concrete example?
Offhand, I know it's hard
to put you on the spot,
but maybe someone who
was just doing something
so completely in congress
with their actual design?
>> PARKYN: Well, we can tell
you about a family situation,
if you will.
There was a family
that came to us.
They had a son who was--
what can I say?
He was in distress.
He was a troublemaker.
He went to school,
it was a disaster.
He went home, it was a disaster.
It was like causing
chaos everywhere.
And they'd been to
all the counselors,
and the psychologists, and
the doctors, and everybody.
And finally, I wouldn't
say in desperation,
but they came to us and said--
>> REGINA: In desperation.
>> PARKYN: --can you tell
us what the story is here?
So Carola and I, we look at the
charts of the family, and then
this little boy.
>> EASTWOOD: --because they
have two other children,
two daughters.
>> PARKYN: Certainly.
And for us, it's
like, yes, we can see
exactly what's going on here.
This child is living in a
family where all these energy
types live.
And this child is a
very sensitive being.
He's a projector,
and he needs space.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> PARKYN: He
needs his own room.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> PARKYN: He needs time apart.
And when you shout out
dinnertime, it's up to him
whether he comes or not.
Make it worth his while
to come to dinner.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> PARKYN: And so, we made a
few simple recommendations.
Give him a bit of
space, don't expect
him to operate like everybody
else in the family here.
And we heard about two weeks
later, everything had changed.
>> REGINA: Isn't that amazing?
Something so simple.
>> EASTWOOD: He stopped
acting out in school.
He stopped being a problem.
>> REGINA: Well, I
can understand that.
As a projector, you can become
so overwhelmed with everybody's
energy, just stop it, you know?
Just stop it.
It's too much, you
know, especially when
so much is coming
at you all the time,
you just want to basically
kind of run away from it
however you can.
>> EASTWOOD: Yeah, and he
was steeped in it at home.
He was steeped in it
at school, you know,
and no one knew
to help him, just
give him his own room, and his
own space, and his own time--
>> REGINA: --to
think and just be.
>> EASTWOOD: Yeah, so that
he could integrate all those
experiences.
>> REGINA: Well, that's like
a little mini miracle in that
family.
It helped save the kid himself.
Yeah, no, I love that.
You know, to me, like I
said from the beginning,
it would be so painful to
not have that understanding
from early on in life.
So let's talk about
the book itself,
and kind of how you use it.
We only have about
five minutes left,
so we'll get to
the nuts and bolts
because I highly
encourage people
to get the book because
it's functional, useful,
and you can look everybody up.
Put in all their
data and then see.
>> EASTWOOD: It's a lot of fun.
>> REGINA: It's fun.
It's just really fun.
It's fun for a group.
It's fun for families.
It's fun for friends,
spouses, and so forth.
So how do you
initially use the book?
How is it designed?
>> PARKYN: Well, we describe
it as a coffee table book.
This really can be an opener
for all kinds of interactions.
>> REGINA: It sure can.
>> PARKYN: So there's many ways
people can find out their life
theme.
They can go on our website.
They can download
their free report.
And listed in their
report is going
to be the name of
their life theme.
>> REGINA: And it's human
design for all, right?
>> PARKYN: Human
design for us all.
>> REGINA:
Humandesignforusall.com.
>> PARKYN: --.com.
>> REGINA: Yeah, and
it's really accessible.
You don't have to put in
a credit card or anything,
you can just put your data in,
and boom, you're good to go.
>> PARKYN: Yeah.
There's also an app
that we've built.
And I would say
thehumandesignapp.com.
If you go on that site, you'll
be directed to either Android
or iPhone, tablet,
however you like it.
And there's a free app there.
That app will also calculate
your life theme for you.
>> REGINA: Yes, OK, so you
made it really easy for people.
>> PARKYN: That's our pleasure.
>> REGINA: Yes, yes.
>> EASTWOOD: Human
design for us all.
>> REGINA: And so then, you can
go to the number in the book,
it'll just catalogue there.
And you have a
page or two on each
of these themes,
these life themes.
>> PARKYN: 192 different.
>> REGINA: 192 life themes.
And since the book has come
out, what kind of reflection
are you getting back from the
public about its usefulness,
so to speak?
This is kind of a little
salesy pitch time if you want,
because I happen to love it.
>> PARKYN: Carola was
just saying, sometimes,
I will read somebody's
life theme to them.
And I will hear absolute silence
on the other end of the phone
or on Skype or wherever.
Or if somebody is
with me, I'll just
see tears coming
down their face.
It's like, finally, finally.
>> REGINA: Do most people
recognize it inside,
their heart recognizes it?
>> PARKYN: They can't avoid it.
It's on target.
As I say, we spent 20
years writing this book.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> PARKYN: We put
everything into it.
And it's on target.
And everybody comes
back and says,
how come I didn't
know this before?
>> REGINA: Right, right.
That's what I find
beautiful about it.
So any final thoughts
you'd like to share
with us before we say goodbye?
>> EASTWOOD: Well, I think
discovering our destiny path is
something that if we weren't
so conditioned in life,
if we didn't live a life
that was so off path and off
purpose, and fraught with
difficulties, we wouldn't ever,
as children, have gotten
so far from our truth.
Every child is born
with this knowing.
And every child is naturally
living out their destiny path.
It's just that we get off path.
And even if we get
just a little off path,
the further we keep
going off path,
the bigger the divide
is and the harder it
is to get back to who
we essentially are,
what we came here to
be, to do, to express
as a fulfillment of
our soul's destiny.
Because we're on an
evolutionary planet.
>> REGINA: It's so
much more efficient.
It just focused your energy.
>> EASTWOOD: It just
helps us, right.
And it could save us years,
decades of time and pain.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
And you know, some of it we
recognize in our own children,
but we don't even know
what we're saying.
And I think even my own
case, as a little tiny one,
a little toddler, my dad
used to call me wagon wheel.
And I thought wagon wheel, why
did you call me wagon wheel?
He said, because you
were a little know-it-all
before I could even speak.
It seemed like you'd
been around 1,000 times
and you already knew everything.
So he called you wagon wheel.
In other words, know-it-all.
[LAUGHING]
So he recognized it, but I
didn't find it out till later.
Any final thoughts, Chetan?
>> PARKYN: Life is a mystery.
And the more we can appreciate
that, the greater experience
we're going to have.
Human design is a great
gift for the world.
It is, as Carola says, it's
the first Aquarian system.
And honestly, more than
ever in these times,
we need to know who we
are, what we're about,
and how to be fulfilled
in life, in a way that
is not dependent on
anybody or anything else.
Fulfilled from the inside,
and that's what we do.
That's what human design, that's
what our work is all about.
>> REGINA: And thank you for
taking 20 years to put this
together.
You've done a wonderful
service for us all.
And it's good to see you again.
>> PARKYN: You too, thank
you so much, Regina.
>> REGINA: Again, the name
of the book is "The Book
of Destinies", which you can
find through major booksellers.
You can also reach
Chetan and Carola
for readings at
humandesignforusall.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds".
[THEME MUSIC]